h1. PHP OpenID

This is a forked PHP OpenID library from PHP OpenID library by JanRain, Inc.

h2. Getting Started

First, run the 'docs/detect.php' script either from the command
line or via the web.  It will generate a report of any system
configuration changes necessary to run the library.


h2. Installation

h3. dependencies

h4. php

You will need PHP 5.3 or greater to use this library. 
There is no garantee that you can run it on an older release of PHP.

h4. Required libraries

* Enable either the GMP extension or Bcmath extension. (GMP is STRONGLY
recommended because it's MUCH faster!)  This is required.
* Enable the CURL extension.
* Enable DOM extension ( provided in PHP core since PHP 5.0.0 )

h4. Optional libraries

* If you plan to use SQLite, PostgreSQL, or MySQL to store OpenIDdata,
you can use PEAR DB or MDB2 and the approriate extension.

* If you plan to use Memcache compliant database to store OpenID data,
you can use memcache or memcached extension.

h3. Installation process

h4. brute installation 

* Copy the Auth/ directory into your PHP include path.

h2. Upgrading the library

h3. from a library older than JanRain php-OpenID 2.2.2

* read docs/NEWS and docs/CHANGES-2.1.0 and make the right upgrades

h3. from JanRain php-OpenID 2.2.2

* changed path :
  * about extensions :
    * Auth/OpenID/AX.php -> Auth/OpenID/Extension/AX.php
    * Auth/OpenID/SReg.php -> Auth/OpenID/Extension/SReg.php
    * Auth/OpenID/PAPE.php -> Auth/OpenID/Extension/PAPE.php
    * Auth/OpenID/Extension.php -> Auth/OpenID/Extension/Extension.php
  * about stores :
    * Auth/OpenID/MemcachedStore.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/MemcachedStore.php
    * Auth/OpenID/MySQLStore.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/MySQLStore.php
    * Auth/OpenID/MDB2Store.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/MDB2Store.php
    * Auth/OpenID/SQLiteStore.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/SQLiteStore.php
    * Auth/OpenID/PostgreSQLStore.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/PostgreSQLStore.php
    * Auth/OpenID/SQLStore.php -> Auth/OpenID/Store/SQLStore.php

h2. Testing Your Setup

You can use the example code to test your setup.  To run the example
consumer or server, follow the instructions in the examples/README
file.

h2. Using The API

The best way to get started using the API is to take a look at the
example consumer and server in the examples/ directory.  See the
examples/README file for more details.

h2. Documentation

You can view the HTML library documentation in the docs/ directory.

This package's documentation is in PhpDoc format.  To generate the
documentation, install phpdoc and run the admin/makedoc.sh script.
Phpdoc lives at:

  http://www.phpdoc.org/

h3. Development Environment Setup

Janrain note: You'll need to run these commands to generate
documentation for this project:

* @apt-get install php5-pear@
* @pear install PhpDocumentor@


h2. Troubleshootings

* If you're unable to use an OpenID URL with the library, you may want
to try using the discover tool (examples/discover.php).  This tool
will perform OpenID discovery on the identifier and give a list of
discovered OpenID services and their types.

* On some systems, PHP basedir restrictions prevent web servers from
opening a source of randomness, such as /dev/urandom.  If your PHP
OpenID library has trouble getting a satisfactory source of
randomness, check your Apache and PHP configurations to be sure that
the randomness source is in the list of allowed paths for the
"open_basedir" option.

* In some cases, bugs in the GMP math library will result in signature
validation errors when using this library.  Since GMP is preferred
over bcmath (for performance), you will have to define
Auth_OpenID_BUGGY_GMP in your application *before* importing any of
the library code:

  @ define('Auth_OpenID_BUGGY_GMP', true); @

* Not all PHP installations support SSL.  You can find out if yours
supports SSL by reading the "HTTP Fetching" section of the output of
"examples/detect.php."  If your installation does not support SSL,
then https:// identity URLs and server URLs will not be supported by
the library.  An attempt to use such an identity URL will be
equivalent to using an invalid OpenID.  To enable SSL support,
recompile PHP with OpenSSL support or install the appropriate OpenSSL
module for your platform.  If you are using CURL, CURL will need to be
built with OpenSSL support.

h2. Getting Help

If you have any questions, recommendations, or patches, please tell
us!  Subscribe to our OpenID development discussion list at

  https://github.com/mouns/php-openid/issues

h2. Contributing

If you have a bugfix or feature you'd like to contribute, don't
hesitate to send it to us.  Post your patch to issues section at

  https://github.com/mouns/php-openid

For more detailed information on how to contribute, see

  http://openidenabled.com/contribute/

To run the test suite included with this package, install PHPUnit 3.5
and run

  php admin/texttest.php

PHPUnit 3.5 can be found at

  http://pear.phpunit.de/get/
