h1. OpenID Example Consumer/RelyingParty

NOTE: If you want to try the example consumer without installing this
package, just make sure you add the package's 'Auth' directory to your
PHP include path.

To try the example consumer implementation, just copy the consumer/
directory into a place on your web server and point your browser at
the new directory.

1. Check to be sure that /tmp is in your "open_basedir" configuration,
   if open_basedir is being used to restrict PHP's file I/O.  See
   http://us2.php.net/features.safe-mode for more information.  For
   example, in your php.ini, change

   open_basedir = "..."

   to

   open_basedir = "/tmp:..."

   (If you really don't want to add /tmp to your open_basedir, you can
   modify consumer/common.php and change $store_path so it doesn't
   create the store directory in /tmp.)

2. Copy or symlink the consumer/ directory into a part of your
   webserver's docroot.  For example, if your DocumentRoot is
   /var/www/, do this:

   # cd /var/www
   # ln -s /path/to/PHP-OpenID-X.Y.Z/examples/consumer

3. Navigate to http://www.example.com/consumer and enter an OpenID
   into the form presented there and click "Verify".

h2. RelyingParty/ Files

The 'index.php' file will render a form and get you started.  These
are the example consumer files:

  consumer/index.php - Renders a form so you can begin the OpenID auth
process.  The form submits the OpenID to try_auth.php.

  consumer/try_auth.php - Starts the authentication with the OpenID
server that manages your OpenID and redirects your browser to the
server's login page.  Instructs the server to return to
finish_auth.php when you're done authenticating.

  consumer/finish_auth.php - Finishes the authentication by checking
the server's response.  Tells you if the authentication was
successful.

  consumer/common.php - Includes the setup code you'll need to create
a Consumer object and participate in an OpenID authentication.


