h1. OpenID Example Server / OpenID Provider

To try the example server, follow these steps:

1. Copy or symlink the OpenIDProvider/ directory into a part of your
   webserver's docroot.  For example, if your DocumentRoot is
   /var/www/, do this:

   # @cd /var/www@
   # @ln -s /path/to/PHP-OpenID-X.Y.Z/examples/OpenIDProvider@

2. Navigate to the server example.  You'll be redirected to
   OpenIDProvider/setup.php where you can choose some configuration options to
   generate a configuration.  Once finished, you can download a file
   "config.php."  Save that file in the example server directory.

The example server has the following features:

* It serves its own identity pages, whose URLs are of the form

   http://.../OpenIDProvider/server.php/idpage?user=USERNAME

* It does not require passwords.

* It does not support a "trusted sites" page, as you pointed out.

In general, the example server is NOT supposed to be treated as a
fully-equiped OpenID server (i.e., with user accounts and other
state).  It is supposed to demonstrate how to write PHP applications
that use the library.

h2. Upgrading from the 1.X.X example server

The 2.X.X library's example server is different from the 1.X.X example
server in the following ways:

* The new example server does not support authenticating arbitrary
URLs.  It serves its own URLs.  This makes it easier to set up and
test.

* The new example server does not support password authentication.
This makes it easier to set up and is not necessary for
illustrating the use of the library.

* The new example server does not have a "trusted sites" page.

h2. OpenIDProvider/ Files

These files make up the server example code:

* OpenIDProvider/config.php - The configuration file you'll need to customize to run
the example server.

* OpenIDProvider/server.php - The PHP rendering script that takes care of handling
server requests from both regular user agents and consumers.

* OpenIDProvider/lib/actions.php - Handles the various types of requests that the
server supports.

* OpenIDProvider/lib/common.php - Supplies functions that wrap the OpenID API calls
to make them easier to use.

* OpenIDProvider/lib/render.php - Miscellaneous page rendering code.

* OpenIDProvider/lib/session.php - Code to handle session data for user settings.

* OpenIDProvider/lib/render/*.php - Files for each page presented by the server.
